ready hey fire Wayne Rooney often called
one of the best strikers in the world
for his ability to track back and score
goals the England man for Manchester
United scored six goals and 10 games for
me vs sergio aguero the recent big
transfer to man city who scored the most
crucial role last year to send his team
man city to beat manchester united in
the last day of the week but who is
better than ultimate team we start off
with mr. Rooney here who's finishing
ability is immense Wayne Rooney is gonna
finish the ball if you are anywhere
within 20 yards this man shot is
fantastic and you know it's not all
about the power he's got the finishing
the curb everything about this man shot
is fantastic he even has very good free
kicks very good power very good curve
very good free-kick accuracy there is
one thing about rain Rooney though that
was my same problem with heather's he is
high high work-rate switch is just
horrible for a strike fear in my opinion
for some reason not for some reason for
the actual reason that he has a high
defensive works rate you would track
back just like he does in real life and
although that is very helpful in your
life in FIFA you don't want your
strikers at your own 18-yard box
defending you want them to be just
attacking just scoring goals di got CDMS
and stuff too you know guard that 18
yard box so that was the one thing about
Rooney that I I really did not enjoy
about him but overall if he had good
work rates he would be one of the best
strikers in the game he is strong
decently fast his shots are amazing he
can actually pass for a striker which is
so so useful like I said about Tevez
Rudy he's probably better suited off as
a cam I mean with that high defensive
workrate won't bother you as much there
and as you can see like look at these
finishes in anywhere inside the boxes
man is amazing this man is amazing
unfortunately he is a bit short so we
can abuse his heading like some other
players players of lower heading like
throat just say we'll probably still be
better at heading because they're
massive where's mr. Rooney is a bit of a
short little paint you know quitting
unique player absolutely amazing in real
life you know you can't doubt his talent
he's been in the top three players over
the last few years and although a lot of
a lot of people may disagree now it's
his legacy will live on but I think that
we're gonna be moving on to Aguero in a
second here just after I show some
Rooney passes and just look at that
you're just gonna plant it right in the
feet of icie ha who's gonna put that
away beautifully and you know see look
just finding players again and again
such a good player I mean 89 overall you
kind of expect that a you know you're
spending leavey cost me 95 k which is
quite expensive you know 95 k but it's
not that expensive for an 85 rated
player if you think about it you look at
someone like Ibrahimovic whose only 88
overall he goes for 400 k plus so I mean
for your overall the money yeah Rooney's
definitely worth it compared to other
players like I depends if you have that
much money if you want to spend it on or
not but now we're going to move on to
Sergio Aguero often one of the most
favorited players in this game everyone
thinks he is absolutely of
they think like the pace and the skill
the dribbling it's just fantastic with
him and I gotta say I can't agree more
he he is quite special last year in FIFA
12 he got that up card that was 88
overall at five star weak foot and then
forced our skills and he was fantastic
now he is only an 87 in this game and he
did lose his five-star weak foot which
is quite unfortunate but overall he's
still a fantastic player he cost me
around 85 k so just a little bit cheaper
than a Rooney over there but as you can
see just these first clips is heading is
quite substantial it's quite good and
for how small he is he's not exactly
Paul his work rates are high low which
is quite good for a striker I personally
don't like it too much because I find
that if they're always right beside the
defender they're never completely open
which is frustrating to me but overall
you can't really complain about those
are definitely much better than Rooney's
work rates and see like look at that
four star weak foot it's really really
helpful Rooney does also a four-star we
flip but uh aguero's finesse shots and
all that just felt a lot better like as
you can see like it's just quite
fantastic Aguero also does have forced
our skills which is another thing he has
over rooney but Aguero doesn't have that
play making ability like Rooney so
that's it guys we're down to the last
couple clips here I want you to leave it
down in the comments who you thought was
better and we're just going to leave you
off with one last clip coming up here
that is all guys in peace out